okay this is a typical metal door with
wood frame we're going to put a bang
Coover special on here we're going to
change the Weiser netbook or any digital
to a heavy-duty slate I'm going to put a
door reinforcer on the make the door
harder to kick in and we're going to put
a security plate on the edge of the door
if you just look at the front of the
door here and this is a typical install
we see in every where in most condos
nowadays you have one door we have a
residential grade deadbolt that you can
buy at any Home Depot store and just a
lever handle or a knob set and this is
the typical to light duty deadbolt we
have the metal frame with wood down the
center and the thumb turn on the inside
a lot of times on these doors when they
kick the door in the bolt will just
break off or this whole door here will
split open sometimes as well I'm a
strike this whole door will be kicked
open so this one's at least okay it has
the three inch screws in there so that's
good but if you look at the hole they
haven't even drilled it in one inch so
this door has never locked properly
anyways it's a poor install from before
so we'll put on a strike plate on here
this is the door reinforcer or magnet
late it makes the guard harder to kick
in so when you saw the metal edges of
the wood this will fit on the door and
he'll make it harder to for the door to
split when somebody tries to kick it in
it also offers some protection against
icepick attack so again this this lock
this will
they say it doubles the strength of the
door so just makes it harder to kick in
and for these doors to spread okay we're
going to install the door reinforcer
what's really good is we put in three
three inch screws they'll catch the stud
in the door frame so again this makes
the door hardened to kick in so we'll
install this on here put it in the three
inch screw the three inch screws all the
way down and make the doorway harder
kick it you can see here now the door
reinforcer goes right around the edge of
the door the back of the door we have
the good 600 series deadbolt in there
it's a commercial grade same thing as
the hospitals in the schools and you see
it doesn't look like a monster lock it
fits in well some people like the full
plate down here we never install the
deadbolt down there hate it dead bolts
always go here or higher this was just
we took out the old wiser deadbolt or
light-duty deadbolt we put in a
heavy-duty deadbolt and this will make
the door harder to kick in and again
some some people sometimes will put the
full plate this guys we just wanted them
that plate and again the door is way
harder to kick in it because it's the
new slate Evera system it's six pins
it's got the side pin really hard to
pick hard to buff you know and very very
difficult to pick actually we don't have
a good time picking shoes let's open the
door and show the lock and the plate
kind of like together you know know
there's the plate there's the plate got
the three inch screws all the way a four
of them they've all caught the stud it's
a well-built house so it's got the good
frame and now that will make the doorway
harder to kick in so this is our
Vancouver special heavy-duty commercial
grade deadbolt it could be the high
security pick resistant lock or the 600
series slate absolutely love this my dad
was installing similar locks to this and
the door reinforcer that goes across the
front the edge in the back of the door
makes
hard to kick in and with the plate with
the 3-inch screws caught the stud makes
the board harder to kickin this is a
good solid the key even it's a sixpence
lage I it's hard to pick very very
difficult to pick and it's not rated as
pick resistant the one up lock up from
this is rated as Pickers instead of
drill resistant but this is a perfect
Vancouver special install movement again
you have it commercial grade slate or
the high security lock
that's just picked resistant is the only
difference
okay